Creating a walkthrough (#84)
AdobeDocs/graphql-mesh-gateway: src/pages/gateway/mesh_walkthrough.md

## Install the API Mesh plugin

Install the [API Mesh plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@adobe/aio-cli-plugin-api-mesh) with the following command:

  ```bash
  npm install -g @adobe/aio-cli-plugin-api-mesh
  ```

## Create a mesh

1. Run the following command to log into Adobe IO:

  ```bash
  aio login
  ```

1. Create a file named `mesh.json` with the following contents:

    ```json
      {
        "meshConfig": {
          "sources": [
            {
              "name": "REST",
              "handler": {
                "openapi": {
                  "source": "https://venia.magento.com/rest/all/schema?services=all"
                }
              }
            },
            {
              "name": "GraphQL",
              "handler": {
                "graphql": {
                  "endpoint": "https://venia.magento.com/graphql"
                }
              }
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    ```

  This mesh configuration files specifies the `sources` where you get data from and the `transforms` that manipulate that data.

1. Run the following command:

    ```bash
    aio api-mesh:create mesh.json
    ```

> 1. Use the arrow keys to select the `my_test_workspace` Project and click **Enter**. If you want to use this project for future operations, type `y` and press the **Enter** key.

Author: It just caches it for convenience. i would assume the user would know if they wanted to change environments.

1. Use the arrow keys to select the `stage` Workspace and click **Enter**. If you want to use this workspace for future operations, type `y` and press the **Enter** key.

1. Type `y` and click the **Enter** key to confirm the creation of the mesh. The mesh configuration and corresponding details will display.

> 1. Run the `aio api-mesh:status` command to view your mesh status. It can take up to five minutes for new meshes to build. After your mesh is built, proceed to the next section.

Author: the shell isn't tied up. it just indicates that the create/update job has been queued.

## Access the Mesh

1. Run the [`aio api-mesh:describe`](command-reference.md#aio-api-meshdescribe) command and copy the URL for your mesh.

1. Paste the URL into a GraphQL client, such as [Altair](https://altairgraphql.dev), [GraphiQL](https://github.com/graphql/graphiql), or [Insomnia](https://insomnia.rest/download).

1. Determine if you can view the schema in the **Docs** section of your GraphQL client. Refer to your GraphQL client's documentation to learn how to access the schema.

    If you can view the schema, proceed to the next section. If you cannot view the schema, go back and check your mesh's sources. You can use the [`aio api-mesh:update`](command-reference.md#aio-api-meshupdate) command to update your mesh with the correct information.

## Run a query

In your GraphQL client, run the following GraphQL query:

```graphql
{
  storeConfig{
    store_code
    store_name
    base_currency_code
  }
  directoryDataCountryInformationInterface(countryId:"US"){
    availableRegions{
      code
      name
      id
    }
  }
}
```

> This query demonstrates how you can return data from multiple sources within your mesh with a single query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These queries demonstrate how you can return data from multiple sources within your mesh with a single request.
```

The `storeConfig` field returns information from your `GraphQL` handler, while the `directoryDataCountryInformationInterface` field returns information from your `REST`  handler.

## Add a transform

Now we will apply a transform to make the schema more usable by adding a `prefix`. You can also use the `prefix` transform to avoid conflicting field names between sources.

> 1. Modify your mesh.json file to match the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Modify your `mesh.json` file to match the following:
```
